Standard GNU99C Simplicity (Convention Library)

The purpose of this library is to simplify programming with the C programming
language. This is possible by abstracting community established best practices
surrounding calls to functions in the C standard libraries. The abstractions in
this library wrap and overload a series of functions by default, making these
calls more consistent and safe. Implementing programs in this way allows
developers to focus more on conceptual aspects of the program as opposed to
conventional ones.

This concept appears and is applied to a segment of code purely during the pre-
processing stage of GNU GCC compilation. A combination of both inline and macro
functions, inject the necessary syntax around a C standard library function
call to handle pre and post call operations. This reduces the amount of written
code necessary to make calls to these libraries and also ensures that the
conventions around these calls are implemented properly, as defined by the C
community.

The goal of this library is to safe guard against common bugs due to
overlooking some aspect of a C convention surrounding a call to a function in a
C standard library or a misunderstanding of a C convention surrounding a call
to a function in a C standard library and/or why it is necessary. By overloading
such functions, it allows developers to program in C, maintaining the ability to
write code like more simplistic languages, while optionally reserving the
ability to write unconventional code surrounding a call to a function in a C
standard library. It is not a goal of this library to super-set the C
programming language. There are no additional functionalities added to this
library other than that of the code, that is convention, of the surrounding
segments of a call to a function in a C standard library.

For detailed information about the licenses of this library and/or the internals
of this library, please refer to the documentation directory located in this
projects directory structure or the license file located in the root directory
of this project. In these locations you will find all of the necessary details
to better understand the usages and/or aspects of this library.
